Let's temporarily complete the sports meeting for this cooperation.
Stop
Can you stop reading all the time?
This is your blood
Can't you talk about your philosophy?
Miss Shen, my philosophy
My Philosophy
Just to lease this thing
I don't want to hear what you rent
I want to hear your philosophy
What are your sources of inspiration and ideas?
Miss Shen, my philosophy
My philosophy
Miss Shen, I stayed up too late yesterday
The train of thought is a bit messy
Why don't we take a look at the specific cooperation?
It's not that you are not clear.
Or do you just not understand?
I don't think it's you at all
How dare you
Dare to take someone else's plan and pretend to be Yunfei?
It doesn't seem to be you who connected with us before.
He, uh, he went home sick
Tomorrow at 9 am
If I don't see the master of this scheme again
Your neighbor is waiting for compensation.
brother
Don't go don't go
Ouch.
Do you think Lin Fei can do it?
Grandma, don't worry.
Lin Fei will be fine.
Grandma, just wait for Lin Fei's good news with peace of mind.
Grandma has an accident